[Home page]

Visually powerful. Intellectually elegant.

Marketing.

Eva Jones thrives on creative solutions that tackle strong marketing strategies and exceed goals. Celebrated for excellence in creative categories of advertising, design and online platforms, Eva can build campaigns that yield relationships with your audience.

Branding.

Here, professional talent leads brands into the next era of communication. With full-services from corporate identity creation to state-of-the-moment online campaigns, clients become better equipped for the future. But don't take my word for it, check out my portfolio.


(Twitter feed here)
 
 

 
[About page]
 

About.

Expert Knowledge of (X)HTML (standards compliance and basic accessibility) and CSS. Good knowledge of Adobe Fireworks/ Photoshop/Dreamweaver and Microsoft Office. Windows and Macintosh environments. I’m happily employed currently, but would consider small freelance projects.


Starz Entertainment

Senior Interactive Designer and Manager of Interactive Design

June 2002 — March 2010Currently leading a team of Interactive Designers/Developers in creating award-winning online experiences that promote the Starz brand and movie product. In this position I have been able to build a strong team that has executed many multi-million dollar online campaigns that promote Starz and are consistent across media (video, print, etc.). Some of the projects include:
starz.com/spartacus

starz.com/headcase


Trilemetry

Interactive Designer and Courseware Developer

June 2002 — August 2008Trilemetry specializes in high-end, custom online communications as well as development of courseware for Adobe Systems. I have been an integral part of this group as their designer, developer and trainer.


GT Alliance

Adobe Certified Instructor

June 2001 — March 2006Instructor and courseware developer for GT Alliance delivering classroom-based courses in Denver as well as on-site for such companies as Doublclick, MDC Holdings, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Carmichael Lynch, and Martin Williams. Average instructor rating is 4.7 out of 5.



[Portfolio page]


Graphic Design


Motion Graphics



[Contact page]

Lets connect.

Let me help you make a brand, website, logo that will enable you to stand out from the pack. Contact me using the form below, come see me in San Francisco, or email me at evajonesdesign(at)gmail(dot)com.

601 Townsend Street
San Francisco, CA 94103

Name:
Email:
Message:
(submit button)

